Create docs explaining the GUI (#122)
iterorganization/Waveform-Editor: docs/source/gui.rst

The Waveform Editor provides a Graphical User Interface (GUI), with which you can:

* Create, load, edit, and save waveform configurations from YAML files.
* View plots of one or multiple waveforms simultaneously for comparison.
* Edit waveforms through a text editor with live plot updates and error
  highlighting.
* Export waveform data to various formats, including IDS, CSV, PNG, and PCSSP XML.
* Graphically edit and design the desired plasma shape using NICE.

Launching the GUI
-----------------

> The GUI can be launched using the following command in your terminal:

Reviewer: Depending on the user's configuration, it could be that the webbrowser doesn't launch automatically. Can you add something here like:

- This should open a webbrowser
- If not, the command will print the web address (localhost:12345) where the app is running. You can open a webbrowser and go there yourself

The Waveform Editor provides a Graphical User Interface (GUI), with which you can:

* Create, load, edit, and save waveform configurations from YAML files.
* View plots of one or multiple waveforms simultaneously for comparison.
* Edit waveforms through a text editor with live plot updates and error
  highlighting.
* Export waveform data to various formats, including IDS, CSV, PNG, and PCSSP XML.
* Graphically edit and design the desired plasma shape using NICE.

Launching the GUI
-----------------

The GUI can be launched using the following command in your terminal:

.. code-block:: bash

    waveform-editor gui

This normally opens automatically in your default web browser. If it does not, 
you can manually open the app in a web browser by going to the address printed in the terminal.
For example, when the ``waveform-editor gui`` command has the following output, the app is running
on the web address ``http://localhost:38895``.

.. code-block:: console

    $ waveform-editor gui
    [...]

>     Launching server at http://localhost:38895

Reviewer: Let's put this in a `.. note::`? That probably looks nicer in the generated docs :)

    waveform-editor gui

This normally opens automatically in your default web browser. If it does not, 

> you can manually enter the address printed in the terminal (e.g. ``http://localhost:12345``) to access the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can manually open the app in a web browser by going to the address printed in the terminal.
For example, when the ``waveform-editor gui`` command has the following output, the app is running
on the web address ``http://localhost:38895``.

.. code-block:: console

    $ waveform-editor gui
    [...]
    Launching server at http://localhost:38895
```
